add some developer documentation (#1426)
cylc/cylc-ui: src/components/README.md

# Components

These are reusable components which may be used throughout the app.

* `graphqlFormGenerator` contains components used for auto-generating forms
  from GraphQL mutations.
* `cylc` contains components for Cylc things.

> * `core` consider this deprecated, we should have a tidy one day.

Reviewer: Kind of suggests the Alert component inside is deprecated, which it isn't
```suggestion
* `core` - no point in having this separate dir, we should have a tidy one day.
```
